added gameManager and userManager to manage users and games. its a mess now... continue from api call Create Game and move downwards...

server: if server restarts, app stream connection is sending 400 since player name is not recognized. This should remove previous player, create new ID and approve game stream?
server: add mechanism to prevent from just creating tons of request IDs (like alive ttl until connection to app stream?)
client - show "server is down" on screen if app stream is not receieving data
make debug outputs more correct (bita output, joining output)
check that using empty name does not work
client: add connection id once it is set to API object, so it does not need to be transeferred all the time when using it
ADD LOCKS FOR ALL SORTS OF THINGS! Like, checking if enough player have joined to start a game!
add lock on game joining so no more than max player num is allowed?
check if child streamers can handle without sending funcs from child to parent
add removal of non responding clients from app stream
handle client afk situations
when a player leaves the game, the losing player identification function does not work properly... decide what to do when player leaves regarding winner/loser
add sign if server is reachable in starting screen or change screen if server is un reachable
Add the chance for player who got disconnected to go back to game (if his turn is not yet passed)
bug (create game for 4, join 2, leave both, crete new game for 2, join 2, errors)
change game end screen - show winner message and play another game button
Add piri
integrate feature so that players can add more after player decides to take cards (first come first serve)
go online for testing

TESTING:
-----------
Create server streamer testings
Create server/stream tesings - open stream, send http requests and test stream responses
Integrate server testing for headers or bad headers
Integrate server testing for invalid payload objects
Test sending body for requests that require no payload
Test missing connection id header in requests
Test having connection id header in non wanted requests (create and join)
Go over server coverage and complete tests
Client - add tests

SERVER:
----------
Integrte logging (create game files logs for AI and wathcing and  what not...)
Remove all printings/Go over TODOs
Do not send (exactly) same event twice to client? (except for isAlive events)

CLIENT:
-----------

SECURITY:
--------------

GAME OPTIONS:
--------------
Integrate options object (client but mostly server)
Limit on cards on table
Put more than player's card limit on table and defending player can choose which ones to answer?
starting player can choose when to let other players to start adding

EXTRA FOR GAME:
-----------------
add restart mechanism - each player need to approve, if not, ask to wait for more player or start a new game. at the moment, restart request can be sent by anyone
Add chat ability
Add watch game ability
add animations for double piri/hasake/etc...

UX:
-------
add error displays (replace all console.log with this...)
Add game menu change when game is over
add waiting for players
add card sorting in hand
mark defending player
mark starting player
add API in front end when finishing game, even before turn is over
add drag + magnet card when near by proper card + show places you can use on
consider adding small stats table - cards left, kozer, etc...

DESIGN:
------------
General makeover (check other durak apps)
move kozer mark at end of deck as permanent

LATER:
-----------
Make app for android/ios
Write computer AI
